In 1926, 22-year-old doctoral student J. Robert Oppenheimer studies under experimental physicist Patrick Blackett at the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge. He is homesick and suffers from anxiety while struggling with the required lab work.

Oppenheimer, upset with the demanding Blackett, leaves him a poison-laced apple but retrieves it from the hands of visiting scientist Niels Bohr, who is impressed enough by his intellect to recommend that he should instead study theoretical physics in Germany, where Oppenheimer completes his PhD. He later meets theoretical physicist Werner Heisenberg at a conference in Switzerland.

Oppenheimer returns to the United States, wanting to expand quantum physics research there. He begins teaching at the University of California, Berkeley and the California Institute of Technology, starting with one student. He meets his future wife, Katherine "Kitty" Puening, a biologist and ex-communist, and also has an intermittent affair with Jean Tatlock, a member of the Communist Party USA.

In 1938, Nazi Germany's progress in nuclear fission research spurs Oppenheimer and his colleagues to replicate their results. In 1942, amid World War II, U.S. Army General Leslie Groves recruits Oppenheimer to lead the Manhattan Project to develop an atomic bomb after he gives assurances that he has no communist sympathies.

Oppenheimer, who is Jewish, is particularly driven by the Nazis' potentially completing their nuclear weapons program, headed by Heisenberg. He assembles a scientific team including Edward Teller and Isidor Isaac Rabi in Los Alamos, New Mexico, and also collaborates with scientists Enrico Fermi and David L. Hill. As the work continues, Oppenheimer learns of Tatlock's suicide.

After Germany surrenders, some project scientists question the bomb's relevance, while Oppenheimer believes using it will quickly end the ongoing war in the Pacific, saving Allied lives. However, he and Albert Einstein had discussed the small possibility that an atomic detonation could trigger an atmospheric chain reaction and destroy the world.

The Trinity test is successful and President Harry S. Truman orders Hiroshima and Nagasaki to be bombed, forcing Japan's surrender. Oppenheimer is thrust into the public eye as the "father of the atomic bomb", but the immense destruction and mass fatalities haunt him. He urges Truman to restrict further nuclear weapon development, which Truman dismisses.

As an advisor to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission, Oppenheimer advocates against further nuclear research, especially the hydrogen bomb proposed by Edward Teller. His stance becomes a point of contention amid the tense Cold War with the Soviet Union. AEC Chairman Lewis Strauss resents Oppenheimer after he dismissed his concerns about exporting radioisotopes, publicly humiliating him, and for recommending arms talks with the Soviet Union.

At a hearing intended to eliminate Oppenheimer's political influence, Teller and other associates betray him while Strauss exploits Oppenheimer's past associations with Communist Party members. Despite allies testifying in his defense, Oppenheimer's security clearance is revoked, damaging his public image and neutralizing his policy influence.

At Strauss's later Senate confirmation hearing for Secretary of Commerce, Hill testifies about Strauss's personal motives in engineering Oppenheimer's downfall. The U.S. Senate votes against his nomination.

A flashback shows a conversation between Einstein and Oppenheimer in which Strauss erroneously believed Oppenheimer denigrated him, revealing that he had actually expressed his somber belief that he had indeed started a chain reaction that would destroy the world.